Release all integrations for 7.74 (#21980)
DataDog/integrations-core: postgres/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 23.3.0 / 2025-11-26

***Added***:

* Migrate PostgreSQL to new schema collector. This collector provides improved performance in the agent and allows the backend to handle larger schema collections. ([#21727](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/21727))

> * PG: Add metrics for pg_stat_replication's sent/write/flush/replay ([#21844](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/21844))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PG: Add sent, write, flush, and replay metrics for pg_stat_replication. ([#21844](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/21844))
```

* Upgrade base version for Postgres, MySQL, SQLServer ([#21906](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/21906))
* Added support for Postgres 18. ([#21947](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/21947))

***Fixed***:

> * Fixed a bug where excluding "postgres" database when configuring autodiscovery would still fallback to "postgres" if `dbname` wasn't also configured ([#21884](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/21884))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a bug where database_autodiscovery still tries to connect to the "postgres" DB if "postgres" is defined in the `exclude` field, but `dbname` isn't configured. ([#21884](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/21884))
```
